# 1. I Used To Play Soccer



**Jack:** I used to play soccer in school.

**Ryan:** Really? Were you good at it?

**Jack:** Yes, I played every weekend.

**Ryan:** That sounds fun.



---



# 2. I Used To Live in the City



**Anna:** I used to live in the city.

**Lisa:** Why did you move?

**Anna:** Because it was too noisy.

**Lisa:** I understand.



---



# 3. I Used To Drink Coffee



**Tom:** I used to drink coffee every day.

**Ben:** Why did you stop?

**Tom:** I wanted to sleep better.

**Ben:** That makes sense.



---



# 4. I Used To Be Shy



**Emma:** I used to be very shy.

**Lucy:** Really? You are very confident now.

**Emma:** I practiced speaking more.

**Lucy:** Great job!



---



# 5. I Used To Watch Cartoons



**Kevin:** I used to watch cartoons every morning.

**Chris:** What was your favorite cartoon?

**Kevin:** Tom and Jerry.

**Chris:** I loved that too.



---



# 6. I Used To Have a Dog



**Sarah:** I used to have a dog.

**Mike:** What was its name?

**Sarah:** Its name was Max.

**Mike:** Cute name.



---



# 7. I Used To Wake Up Late



**Mom:** I used to wake up late on weekends.

**Daughter:** What changed?

**Mom:** Now I exercise every morning.

**Daughter:** That’s healthy.



---



# 8. I Used To Study at Night



**Student:** I used to study at night.

**Teacher:** And now?

**Student:** Now I study in the morning.

**Teacher:** Which is better for you?

**Student:** Morning is better.



---



# 9. I Used To Be Afraid of Dogs



**Boy:** I used to be afraid of dogs.

**Girl:** Are you still afraid?

**Boy:** No, not anymore.

**Girl:** That’s good.



---



# 10. I Used To Play Video Games



**Ryan:** I used to play video games for hours.

**Jack:** Do you still play now?

**Ryan:** Sometimes, but not much.

**Jack:** Balance is important.





[Next](doc_011.md)

